In this video let's have an introduction to breadth
First search on trees.
So when any problem involves traversing the tree level
by level we can effectively solve it with using the breadth
first search technique. For example to print the level order
traversal of the tree
For this problem we need to print the tree level
by level
For example if this is the given tree the level
order traversal  output will be in level one
We have node 10
in level two ,
We have nodes 20 and 30 in level three
We have nodes 40 50 60 and 70. So the
final output will be 10 20 30 40 50 60 and 70
This problem involves traversing the tree level by level so
here we can apply BFS technique to solve it
in BFS we use a queue data
structure to keep all the nodes at a particular level
Let us understand it better by solving problems using this pattern in the next videos.